.TH UPSCALE_RELPERM "29" "April 2021" "upscale_relperm 2020.04" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
upscale_relperm \- Upscale two-phase relative permeability
.SH SYNOPSIS
upscale_relperm [option=value] [grid file] [rock file 1] [rock file 2] [rock file 3] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Upscale two-phase relative permeability in the capillary limit for lithofacies models described by Eclipse corner point grids.

Example usage:

upscale_relperm upscale_relperm -bc p grid.grdecl swof1.inc swof2.inc

For isotropic input, the rock file has four coloumns, and looks like this:

-- Stone 1
-- Sw           Krw             Kro     J-func
  1.42000E-01  0.00000E+00  1.00000E+00  2.25999E+00
  2.79250E-01  1.93652E-03  5.03619E-01  5.76122E-02
  4.14850E-01  1.09648E-02  2.36036E-01  -1.23421E-02
  6.14150E-01  4.10007E-02  3.95006E-02  -8.96693E-02
  7.26100E-01  1.41398E-01  9.30808E-03  -1.19849E-01
  9.48000E-01  8.40000E-01  0.00000E+00  -1.42553E+00

.SH OPTIONS
\fB\-bc\fR Which boundary conditions to use. Possible values are p (periodic), f (fixed) or l (linear). Defaults to f.
\fB\-points\fR Number of saturation points to upscale for, uniformly distributed. Defaults to 30.
\fB\-upscaleBothPhases\fR Whether to upscale both phases or not. Defaults to true.
\fB\-relPermCurve\fR If upscaleBothPhases is false and input is isotropic, this specifies the column number in the rock-files to be upscaled. Defaults to 2.
\fB\-jFunctionCurve\fR If upscaleBothPhases is false and input is isotropic,the column number in the stone-files that represent the Leverett J-function. Defaults to 4.
\fB\-gravity\fR Gravitational acceleration, in m/s². Use 9.8 for standard gravity. Defaults to 0.
\fB\-fluids\fR Which two-phase fluid system we are dealing with. Possible values are ow (oil/water) and go (gas/oil). Defaults to ow.
\fB\-surfaceTension\fR Surface tension in dynes/cm to use in J-function/Pc conversion. Contact angle is not supported, and \cos \theta=1 is effectively used. Defaults to 11.
\fB\-waterDensity\fR Density of water, in g/cm³. Only relevant for non-zero gravity. If fluids is set to go (gas/oil), this should be set to density of gas. Defaults to 1.0.
\fB\-oilDensity\fR Density of oil, in g/cm³. Only relevant for non-zero gravity. Defaults to 0.6.
\fB\-output\fR Filename for where to write upscaled values.
\fB\-doEclipseCheck\fR Check that input curves includes critical saturation points, i.e. saturation points where relperms are 0. See critRelpermThresh. Defaults to true.
\fB\-critRelpermThresh\fR If minimum relperm value is less than this value, it is set to 0. Only applicable if doEclipseCheck is true. Defaults to 1e-6.
\fB\-interpolate\fR If this option is used, the outputted values will be interpolated values using the supplied number of points (integer larger than 0). Monotone cubic interpolation is used, and will thus produce a smooth curve for a few number of saturation points.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report on github repository <https://github.com/OPM/opm-upscaling/issues>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
upscale_perm
