.TH CPCHOP_DEPTHTREND "1" "April 2021" "cpchop_depthtrend 2020.04" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
cpchop_depthtrend \- Upscale simple statistics
.SH SYNOPSIS
cpchop_depthtrend gridfilename=cornerpointgrid.grdecl [option=value]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program is a variant of cpchop. Instead of subsampling randomly, it picks subsamples downwards in a model. It is specifically designed for extracting laterally extensive subsamples in specified intervals downwards through a model, in order to analyze depth trends in porosity in particular.

Example usage:

cpchop_depthtrend gridfilename=cornerpointgrid.grdecl subsamples=100 ilen=5 jlen=5 zlen=5
.SH OPTIONS
\fBzresolution\fR Vertical distance between subsamples. Defaults to 1.
.br
\fBsubsamples\fR Number of subsamples. Defaults to 1.
.br
\fBfilebase\fR If supplied, grdecl-files for each subsample will be written to files named using this filebase, it may include directory names.
.br
\fBresultfile\fR Name of a textfile to output table of results per subsample to.
.br
\fBilen\fR Length in i-direction of subsample, specified in number of cells. Defaults to all cells in i-direction.
.br
\fBjlen\fR Length in j-direction of subsample, specified in number of cells. Defaults to all cells in j-direction.
.br
\fBzlen\fR Length in z-direction of subsample, specified in the grids length unit (typically cm or m). Defaults to full height.
.br
\fBimin\fR Can be used to limit the search area for random subsamples. Defaults to minimum i in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBimax\fR Can be used to limit the search area for random subsamples. Defaults to maximum i in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBjmin\fR Analog to imin, but in j-direction. Defaults to minimum j in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBjmax\fR Analog to imax, but in j-direction. Defaults to maximum j in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBzmin\fR Analog to imin, but in z-direction and specified in the grids length unit. Defaults to minimum in inputgrid.
.br
\fBzmax\fR Analog to imax, but in z-direction and specified in the grids length unit. Defaults to maximum in inputgrid.
.br
\fBupscale\fR Boolean for whether to do upscaling on the subsamples, either true or false. If the objective is to obtain a grdecl-file for the subsample, set to false for run time. Defaults to true.
.br
\fBbc\fR Boundary condition type for upscaling, either fixed or periodic. Defaults to fixed.
.br
\fBresettoorigin\fR If true, outputted grdecl-file will have its ZCORN-values and COORDS-values shifted so that the model is defined at the origin. If false, the outputted grdecl-file will be located in its original position. Defaults to true.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report on github repository <https://github.com/OPM/opm-upscaling/issues>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
cpchop
