.TH CPCHOP "1" "October 2021" "cpchop 2021.10" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
cpchop \- Upscale simple statistics
.SH SYNOPSIS
cpchop gridfilename=cornerpointgrid.grdecl [option=value]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Utility for doing subsampling and property analysis of Eclipse grid files, typically generated in SBED or ReservoirStudio, but can be used on all corner point grids with box shape and vertical pillars.

Example usage:

cpchop gridfilename=HugeReservoirStudioGrid.grdecl subsamples=100 ilen=5 jlen=5 zlen=5
.SH OPTIONS
\fBsubsamples\fR Number of subsamples. Defaults to 1.
.br
\fBfilebase\fR If supplied, grdecl-files for each subsample will be
written to files named using this filebase, it may include directory
names.
.br
\fBresultfile\fR Name of a textfile to output table of results per
subsample to.
.br
\fBilen\fR Length in i-direction of subsample, specified in number of
cells. Defaults to all cells in i-direction.
.br
\fBjlen\fR Length in j-direction of subsample, specified in number of
cells. Defaults to all cells in j-direction.
.br
\fBzlen\fR Length in z-direction of subsample, specified in the grids length unit (typically cm or m). Defaults to full height.
\fBimin\fR Can be used to limit the search area for random
subsamples. Defaults to minimum i in inputgrid (full model).
\fBimax\fR Can be used to limit the search area for random
subsamples. Defaults to maximum i in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBjmin\fR Analog to imin, but in j-direction. Defaults to minimum j
in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBjmax\fR Analog to imax, but in j-direction. Defaults to maximum j
in inputgrid (full model).
.br
\fBzmin\fR Analog to imin, but in z-direction and specified in the grids length unit. Defaults to minimum in inputgrid.
.br
\fBzmax\fR Analog to imax, but in z-direction and specified in the grids length unit. Defaults to maximum in inputgrid.
.br
\fBupscale\fR Boolean for whether to do upscaling on the subsamples, either true or false. If the objective is to obtain a grdecl-file for the subsample, set to false for run time. Defaults to true.
.br
\fBbc\fR Boundary condition type for upscaling, either fixed or periodic. Defaults to fixed.
.br
\fBresettoorigin\fR If true, outputted grdecl-file will have its ZCORN-values and COORDS-values shifted so that the model is defined at the origin. If false, the outputted grdecl-file will be located in its original position. Defaults to true.
.br
\fBseed\fR Provide a seed number. Defaults to 0.
.br
\fBminperm\fR Minimum permeability. Defaults to 1e-9.
.br
\fBdips\fR Whether to do dip averaging. Outputs dip and azimuth for each subsample. Defaults to false.
.br
\fBazimuthdisplacement\fR Add or subtract value for dip, assumes dips is set to true. Defaults to zero.
.br
\fBsatnumvolumes\fR Count volumes per satnum/rocktype. Defaults to false.
.br
\fBmincellvolume\fR Ignore cells with volume below threshold. Defaults to 1e-9.
.br
\fBendpoints\fR Upscale saturation end-points. Defaults to false.
.br
\fBcappres\fR Upscale capillary pressure. Defaults to false.
.br
\fBrock_list\fR Provide a rock list for end-point upscaling.
.br
\fBanisotropirocks\fR Directional saturation functions. Defaults to false.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report on github repository <https://github.com/OPM/opm-upscaling/issues>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
upscale_perm
