.TH UPSCALE_COND "1" "October 2021" "upscale_cond 2021.10" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
upscale_cond \- Upscale electrical resistivity/conductivity
.SH SYNOPSIS
upscale_cond [option value] [grid file] [J-function file 1] [J-function file 2] [J-function file 3] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Reads in a lithofacies geometry in Eclipse format, reads in J(S_w) for each rock type, and calculates upscaled resistivity values for values of water saturation.

Example usage:

upscale_cond -bc p grid.grdecl Jfunc1.datan Jfunc2.data

.SH OPTIONS
\fB\-bc\fR Which boundary conditions to use. Possible values are p (periodic), f (fixed) or l (linear). Defaults to f.
.br
\fB\-points\fR Number of saturation points to upscale for, uniformly distributed. Defaults to 30.
.br
\fB\-resistivityCutoff\fR Cut-off value for resistivity. Defaults to 10000.
.br
\fB\-lithologyCoeff\fR Archie parameter. Defaults to 1.0.
.br
\fB\-cementationExponent\fR Archie parameter. Defaults to 1.8.
.br
\fB\-saturationExponent\fR Archie parameter. Defaults to 2.3.
.br
\fB\-waterresistivity\fR Resistivity of formation water.
.br
\fB\-mudresistivity\fR Resistivity of mud. Defaults to 1.4.
.br
\fB\-mud1rocktype\fR First mud rock type, 0 if there are no mud types. Defaults to 0.
.br
\fB\-mud2rocktype\fR Second mud rock type. Defaults to 0.
.br
\fB\-jFunctionCurve\fR Which column in the supplied J-files corresponds to the J-function values. Defaults to 2.
.br
\fB\-surfaceTension\fR Surface tension in dynes/cm to use in J-function/Pc conversion. Defaults to 11.
.br
\fB\-output\fR Filename for where to write upscaled values.
.br
\fB\-interpolate\fR If supplied and > 1, the output will be interpolated using monotone cubic interpolation on a uniform grid with the specified number of points. Suggested value: 1000.
.br
\fB\-rock<int>cemexp <float>\fR Cementation exponent can be set on a per rocktype basis.
.br
\fB\-rock<int>satexp <float>\fR Saturation exponent can be set on a per rocktype basis.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report on github repository <https://github.com/OPM/opm-upscaling/issues>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
upscale_perm
