.TH UPSCALE_ELASTICITY "1" "April 2021" "upscale_elasticity 2020.04" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
upscale_elasticity \- Upscale elastic paramters
.SH SYNOPSIS
upscale_elasticity [grid file] [option=value]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Utility that generalizes Backus upscaling to general geometry. Elastic moduli specified on a cell-basis on corner-point grids can be upscaled to an elasticity tensor with possibly 21 independent components. The code simulates the 6 load conditions (three normal and three shear forces applied to the geometry) necessary for determining the elastic properties.

Example usage:

upscale_elasticity gridfilename=filename.grdecl rock_list=rocklist.txt output=outfilename.txt
.SH OPTIONS
\fB\gridfilename\fR Filename for grid file.
\fB\vtufilename\fR Save results to vtu file for visual inspection. If not specified, vtu results are not saved.
\fB\rock_list\fR A file with a list of one file per satnum specifying elastic properties for each rock type.
\fB\output\fR Filename for which results are written in ASCII format. If not specified, output is not written to file.
\fB\method\fR The kind of boundary couplings to use, can be 'mpc' or 'mortar'. Defaults to 'mortar' (best for non-perfect periodic grids).
\fB\Emin\fR Minimum E (youngs) modulus. Used to avid numerical issues if contrasts in grid is too large. Defaults to 0.
\fB\ctol\fR Collapse tolerance in grid parsing. Defaults to 1e-6.
\fB\ltol\fR Tolerance in iterative linear solvers. Defaults to 1e-8.
\fB\linsolver_type\fR Type of solver for linear system. Possibilities are 'iterative' and 'direct' (LU factorization). Default is 'iterative'.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report on github repository <https://github.com/OPM/opm-upscaling/issues>

